1. Quick start
a) create JPMorgan folder either by extracting an archive or by cloning a repository
b) cd JPMorgan\FilenameValidator
c) make sure java is installed
c) make sure %JAVA_HOME%/bin; is added to the path
d) run FilenameValidator.bat
e) once done Ctrl-c will allow to exit

2. Overriding logging config
Logging used is Java Default Logging with the usual config file located in %JAVA_HOM%/conf/logging.properties 
For this application SimpleFormatter used for ConsoleHandler needs to be adjusted to look less like a log.
To use a different logging properties file to what is used in the FilenameValidator.bat batch script currently one can use
-Djava.util.logging.config.file=my_logging.properties

3. Overriding application properties
The text used by the app comes from a bundled properties file. It is possible to override this file with
-Dcom.jpmorgan.validator.util.properties=my_FilenameValidator.properties
There is a commented out example in the FilenameValidator.bat batch script

4. IDE
JPMorgan\FilenameValidator has source structure (standard Maven structure):
- src\main\java
- src\main\resources
- src\test\java
- src\test\resources - currently empty
IDE used was Eclipse - there are Eclipse specific project and workspace settings files, however any other IDE supporting Java can be used.
The fact, that there's no 3rd party dependencies and just core java libraries makes it easier. JDK version needed is 8.

5. Assumptions
General
a) Java is installed or can be easily installed
b) The code of this app won't be reused in multithreaded scenarios as it is not thread safe. This was done to save time, as multi-threading is not used in the app.
c) Since the Task is meant to be delivered in as a professional way as possible the application has as much room for extension and modification as possible, 
in terms of loosely coupled for modification Validation Code Parts and generalised for extension Error Message Text Assembly.

Instructions
a) The instructions are not complete and not correct and thus it was ok to complete and correct them.
b) Sequence Number was not properly specified in terms of validation and error message.
c) File format is used to mean both 1) file extension and 2) filename format - I am using File Extension and Filename Format.
d) Valid Date Format in the instructions was incorrectly invalidated - this was adjusted.
e) The new corrected and implemented "Expected Input-Output Test Cases" can be found in "File Name Validator-Code Challenge - expected test cases adjusted.txt".